a lot of guy a lot of young guys playing
it's the key spots tonight and we just
just didn't play smart in a couple areas
we've been on a couple of double move
where they hit us for a couple of big
plays got a little sloppy there in the
third quarter again fourth quarter I
thought we battled back showed showed
some boys and some heart the character
and I just came up a little short since
then you learned about your team went to
learn back I learned it that as I said
coming in in the Destin I thought that
we had the ingredients of a good to a
fault that we can be a good team you
know but really hadn't been tested with
adversity shed and get on the road yet
and I saw some good thanks enough how to
sew their supplies and Cohutta clean up
is it ain't easy to come to this place
and you know we physically in the fourth
quarter impose our will to go get that
last touchdown he has guys make some
great plays and some great runs and some
great box with their backs up against
the wall so when when the adversity came
they didn't wilt they rose up they stood
up and you know that's a good sign to me
that we got the right stuff so you know
as I've told teen if we can harness that
what I saw them and we'll have a chance
to to have vertices quick David Smith's
injury and did they do anything
different in the third quarter
no no not really we just you know they
big plate us and I mean it wasn't
anything more than stutter goes and we
did we just do just didn't play
technique fancy just just had a couple
of huge plays that got it right back in
and you knew at some point I mean they
work you know it's good football team 59
team in the country at home at some
point they're going to do something and
it made a couple big plays but again hi
guys i mean that's like that's a big
gorilla gets on your back when the
momentum terms like a turn that on the
road and i guess they just they rose up
they stood up came back and being miss
Dwayne out another probably win a game
there and who miss an opportunity there
with your on but but we made a lot of
places to made a lot of place we will
see a lot of good and we'll see some
negative things obviously you'd love
they're going to gain correct those
things for the wind but even if we want
it we still had a lot of basically
kinsman don't know
just the obviously not just because of
the injury standpoint was like I've
hanging original to add that bye week
where you have to play mine is it come
on a good time now yeah yeah it's say it
comes a good tactic we got a lot of guys
dinged up so yeah I'm glad we don't play
Miami saturday i'm glad that we've got
room a little time to kind of get
everybody healed up you see what we what
the situation is related with over there
I think it's a good time now they take
we're trying to get better learn from
this and we meet tomorrow I can put this
game to bed and then we'll come back
monday will be all my image and move
into the most during the week rehearsing
getting ready to get in the conference
what must be said about thailand now you
got hit in the back and so for some ribs
and shoulders in the store that hit
there he just need to beat up but it was
a gutsy performance by him and hung in
there and kept competing and you know
mr. couple plays before we made a lot of
place to all product the leadership he
showed showed a lot of leadership and
this team rallied around 1pm